​​​ ​Love​ ​​
​​​ ​me​ ​​
​​​ ​Love me Love me Love me​ ​​
​​​ ​Distantly far away, far away long ago, a coiled necklace​ ​​
​​​ ​“I want people,​ ​​
​“I want people,
​​​ ​I want people,”​ ​​
​​​ ​it cried, this cursed necklace​ ​​
​​​ ​Don’t get angry.​ ​​
​​​ ​Don’t abandon me.​ ​​
​​​ ​Don’t go anywhere.​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey.​ ​​
​​​ ​Fasten it tightly, til you could throw up,​ ​​
​​​ ​Fasten ​it tightly, til you could throw up,​ ​​
​​​ ​Fasten ​it ​tightly, til ​you could throw up,​ ​​
​​​ ​Fasten ​it ​tightly, ​til ​you could throw up,​ ​​
​​​ ​so there ​aren’t, ​there ​aren’t ​any people here.​ ​​
​​​ ​so there aren’t, there aren’t any people here.​ ​​
​so there aren’t, there aren’t any people here.
​​​ ​Nice results, huh?​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey​ ​​
​​​ ​hey,​ ​​
​​​ ​aren’t I a good kid?​ ​​
​​​ ​Aren’t I a cute kid?​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey,​ ​​
​​​ ​hey,​ ​​
​​​ ​I’m​ ​​
​​​ ​good,​ ​​
​​​ ​right​ ​​
​​​ ​?​ ​​
​​​ ​I​ ​​
​​​ ​t​ ​​
​​​ ​h​ ​​
​​​ ​u​ ​​
​​​ ​r​ ​​
​​​ ​t​ ​​
​​​ ​s​ ​​
​​​ ​It hurts​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey​ ​​
​​​ ​Love me.​ ​​
​​​ ​Love me,​ ​​
​​​ ​more​ ​​
​​​ ​and more.​ ​​
​​​ ​Love me.​ ​​
​Love me.
​​​ ​Love me,​ ​​
​Love me,
​​​ ​so much​ ​​
​​​ ​that it’s maddening​ ​​
​​​ ​It’s painful,​ ​​
​​​ ​it hurts.​ ​​
​​​ ​Undo​ ​​
​​​ ​undo the curse,​ ​​
​​​ ​okay?​ ​​
​​​ ​It​ ​​
​​​ ​can​ ​​
​​​ ​not​ ​​
​​​ ​be​ ​​
​​​ ​It​ ​​
​​​ ​can​ ​​
​​​ ​not​ ​​
​​​ ​be​ ​​
​​​ ​stopped,​ ​​
​​​ ​ahh​ ​​
​​​ ​Aa​ ​​
​​​ ​No matter how big your body, your body grows,​ ​​
​No matter how big your body, your body grows,
​​​ ​this necklace remains small​ ​​
​this necklace remains small
​​​ ​It hurts now,​ ​​
​​​ ​it’s not enough now.​ ​​
​​​ ​People aren’t,​ ​​
​​​ ​people aren’t​ ​​
​​​ ​aren't enough.​ ​​
​​​ ​aren’t enough.​ ​​
​​​ ​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,​ ​​
​​ ​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?​ ​​
​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,
​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?
​​​ ​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,​ ​​
​​ ​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?​ ​​
​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,
​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?
​​​ ​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,​ ​​
​​ ​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?​ ​​
​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,
​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?
​​​ ​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,​ ​​
​​ ​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?​ ​​
​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,
​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?
​​​ ​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,​ ​​
​​ ​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?​ ​​
​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,
​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?
​​​ ​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,​ ​​
​​ ​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?​ ​​
​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,
​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?
​​​ ​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,​ ​​
​​ ​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?​ ​​
​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,
​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?
​​​ ​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,​ ​​
​​ ​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?​ ​​
​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,
​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?
​​​ ​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,​ ​​
​​ ​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?​ ​​
​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,
​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?
​​​ ​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,​ ​​
​​ ​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?​ ​​
​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,
​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?
​​​ ​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,​ ​​
​​ ​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?​ ​​
​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,
​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?
​​​ ​I won’t lose to anyone in my class,​ ​​
​​ ​Aren’t I a lovely, good kid?​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey.​ ​​
​​​ ​More than​ ​​
​​​ ​that kid,​ ​​
​​​ ​more than​ ​​
​​​ ​any kid,​ ​​
​​​ ​Every​ ​​
​​​ ​one​ ​​
​​​ ​come​ ​​
​​​ ​and​ ​​
​​​ ​look​ ​​
​​​ ​at​ ​​
​​​ ​look at me​ ​​
​​​ ​Behind the gymnasium, my confession to you​ ​​
​Behind the gymnasium, my confession to you
​​​ ​Doesn't it seem like a lie?​ ​​
​Doesn't it seem like a lie?
​​​ ​I like you,​ ​​
​​​ ​you,​ ​​
​​​ ​you, who are​ ​​
​​​ ​so filthy​ ​​
​​​ ​Love me.​ ​​
​Love me.
​​​ ​Love me,​ ​​
​Love me,
​​​ ​I’ll give you everything.​ ​​
​​​ ​I’ll have you,​ ​​
​I’ll have you,
​​​ ​I’ll have you​ ​​
​I’ll have you
​​​ ​everything​ ​​
​​​ ​b​e​ar everyt​hing for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear ​e​verything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear eve​r​ything f​or me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​e​ar ​e​v​erything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​ear everything ​for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​e​ar everyt​hing for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear ​e​verything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear eve​r​ything f​or me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​e​ar ​e​v​erything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​ear everything ​for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​e​ar everyt​hing for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear ​e​verything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear eve​r​ything f​or me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​e​ar ​e​v​erything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​ear everything ​for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​e​ar everyt​hing for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear ​e​verything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear eve​r​ything f​or me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​e​ar ​e​v​erything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​ear everything ​for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​e​ar everyt​hing for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear ​e​verything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear eve​r​ything f​or me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​e​ar ​e​v​erything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​ear everything ​for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​e​ar everyt​hing for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear ​e​verything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear eve​r​ything f​or me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​e​ar ​e​v​erything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​ear everything ​for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​e​ar everyt​hing for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear ​e​verything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear eve​r​ything f​or me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​e​ar ​e​v​erything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​ear everything ​for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear everything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​b​e​ar everyt​hing for me​ ​​
​​​ ​bear ​e​verything for me​ ​​
​​​ ​It’s not enough,​ ​​
​​​ ​you’re​ ​​
​​​ ​not enough.​ ​​
​​​ ​I won’t​ ​​
​​​ ​let​ ​​
​​​ ​go​ ​​
​​​ ​I won’t let go​ ​​
​​​ ​aah​ ​​
​aah
​​​ ​I'm so sorry​ ​​
​​​ ​Love me.​ ​​
​​​ ​Love me,​ ​​
​​​ ​more​ ​​
​​​ ​and more.​ ​​
​​​ ​Love me.​ ​​
​Love me.
​​​ ​Love me,​ ​​
​Love me,
​​​ ​so much​ ​​
​​​ ​that it’s maddening​ ​​
​​​ ​It hurts,​ ​​
​​​ ​I won’t let go,​ ​​
​​​ ​it hurts.​ ​​
​​​ ​More​ ​​
​​​ ​and more,​ ​​
​​​ ​hey.​ ​​
​​​ ​This is happiness,​ ​​
​​​ ​ahh​ ​​
​ahh
​​​ ​This is happiness​ ​​
​​​ ​Music, Lyrics: Kikuo​ ​​
​​​ ​Movie: Akatamago/redegg​ ​​
​​​ ​Illutration: Sashi Miyama​ ​​
​​​ ​Vocal: Miku Hatsune​ ​​
​​​ ​Translation by chocolatelarvaesubs​ ​​
​​ ​Subtitle by Sharp Fangs​ ​​